
#output will be in this format when you run code you will get all headlines from mentioned newspapers.
#You will get cuurent day headlines of that newspapers if you run the code.This is output format.

Times of India
1
Coronavirus in India
https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/coronavirus-cases-in-india-live-updates-total-number-of-corona-cases-in-india-rises-to-19984-with-640-deaths/liveblog/75283503.cms

2
Coronavirus cases in India
https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/india-17th-nation-to-hit-20000-covid-19-cases-death-toll-crosses-600/articleshow/75282902.cms

3
Coronavirus update
https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/coronavirus-latest-updates-testing-rate-drops-from-35000-to-27500-due-to-china-kit-fiasco/articleshow/75284187.cms

4
COVID-19 India
https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/covid-19-a-herd-immunity-strategy-could-actually-work-in-youthful-india/articleshow/75287811.cms

5
Nizamuddin incident
https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/619-foreigners-most-tied-to-tablighi-jamaat-held-for-visa-violations/articleshow/75283883.cms

6
Cabinet approves ordinance making violence against health workers non-bailable offence: Javadekar
/india/cabinet-approves-ordinance-making-violence-against-health-workers-non-bailable-offence-javadekar/articleshow/75302506.cms

7
Covid-19: SCBA resolves to contribute money for purchase of PPE kits for frontline workers
/india/covid-19-scba-resolves-to-contribute-money-for-purchase-of-ppe-kits-for-frontline-workers/articleshow/75302591.cms

8
SC quashes order providing 100 per cent reservation to Scheduled Tribe candidates in teaching job in scheduled areas
/india/sc-quashes-order-providing-100-per-cent-reservation-to-scheduled-tribe-candidates-in-teaching-job-in-scheduled-areas/articleshow/75302149.cms

9
Use rapid test kits for surveillance purpose, RT-PCR test a must: ICMR
/india/use-rapid-test-kits-for-surveillance-purpose-rt-pcr-test-a-must-icmr/articleshow/75301921.cms

10
All religions must unite in larger national interest: Faith leaders
/india/religious-fanaticism-superstition-and-contempt-for-science-in-the-name-of-religion-in-the-context-of-coronavirus-have-done-incalculable-harm-faith-leaders/articleshow/75302007.cms

11
Maharashtra gets permission to use plasma therapy experimentally
/india/maharashtra-gets-permission-to-use-plasma-therapy-experimentally/articleshow/75301604.cms

12
Pak pushing coronavirus infected militants into Kashmir: J&K DGP
/india/pak-pushing-coronavirus-infected-militants-into-kashmir-jk-dgp/articleshow/75301363.cms

13
Delhi-Noida border gets sealed, total chaos at various entry points
/videos/city/delhi/covid-19-delhi-noida-border-gets-sealed-total-chaos-at-various-entry-points/videoshow/75287066.cms

14
COVID-19: Quarantined migrant labourers in Rajasthan's Sikar paint village school
/videos/city/jaipur/covid-19-quarantined-migrant-labourers-in-rajasthans-sikar-paint-village-school-in-return-for-good-care/videoshow/75286712.cms

15
40-year-old Delhi man stabbed to death
/videos/city/delhi/40-year-old-delhi-man-stabbed-to-death-for-informing-owner-about-people-drinking-on-rooftop/videoshow/75264514.cms

16
Covid-19: 1 positive case found in Rashtrapati Bhavan
/videos/news/covid-19-one-positive-case-found-in-rashtrapati-bhavan-125-families-put-in-self-isolation/videoshow/75263704.cms

17
'Will get back to my duty once I recover fully'
/videos/city/chandigarh/will-get-back-to-my-duty-once-i-recover-fully-says-punjab-cop-whose-hand-was-chopped-off/videoshow/75248933.cms

18
COVID-19: Cops attacked and held hostage in MP's Rajgarh
/videos/news/covid-19-cops-attacked-and-held-hostage-in-madhya-pradeshs-rajgarh-for-enforcing-social-distancing/videoshow/75246172.cms

19
COVID-19: Stranded Russian couple rescued in TN
/videos/city/chennai/covid-19-lockdown-stranded-russian-couple-rescued-in-tamil-nadu/videoshow/75244893.cms

20
Congress MLA refuses to give ration to BJP loyalist in Rajasthan
/videos/city/jaipur/shocking-congress-mla-refuses-to-give-ration-to-bjp-loyalist-in-rajasthan/videoshow/75230089.cms

21
Two held in Dongri for demeaning Mumbai Police in a video
/videos/city/mumbai/covid-19-crisis-two-held-in-dongri-for-demeaning-mumbai-police-in-a-video/videoshow/75229880.cms

 Hindustan Times
1
How India turned Covid-19 crisis into outsized global outreach exercise
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/how-indian-turned-covid-19-crisis-into-outsized-global-outreach-exercise/story-QfyRaVNWCOcPIj2shq56xO.html

2
Jammu and Kashmir administration withdraws order cancelling Amarnath Yatra
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/jammu-and-kashmir-administration-withdraws-order-cancelling-amarnath-yatra/story-cvBX8TVelT5HJageI0DT0O.html

3
Students create app to connect with those seeking essentials
https://www.hindustantimes.com/mumbai-news/students-create-app-to-connect-with-those-seeking-essentials/story-gjstVDpKBIh4cSgxh0fQ6L.html

4
Trump to sign order pausing Green Cards, Indians likely to be hit hardest
https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/donald-trump-to-sign-order-pausing-green-cards-today-indians-likely-to-be-hit-hardest/story-qiRYOpHy6iYuPhWYZQhtiO.html

5
Extraction review: Hemsworth, Randeep Hooda’s Netflix film is bonkers fun
https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/extraction-movie-review-breakneck-and-bonkers-chris-hemsworth-randeep-hooda-s-netflix-film-is-shot-of-adrenaline-we-need-right-now/story-OK8UIBzN8sjELq73WugmKL.html

6
No cricket in India in near future: BCCI president Ganguly
https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/no-cricket-in-india-in-near-future-bcci-president-sourav-ganguly/story-EzVaTOHiLR1uU7Me6kFKGL.html

7
Say Namaste is the possible Zoom competitor from India
https://www.hindustantimes.com/tech/say-namaste-is-the-possible-zoom-competitor-from-india/story-U7HlwkREoMzQqBi37OvSbK.html

8
Pokhriyal launches VidyaDaan 2.0, a national program to develop and contribute e-learning content
https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/pokhriyal-launches-vidyadaan-2-0-a-national-program-to-develop-and-contribute-e-learning-content/story-ovAlzKdtcvKUaXem5fjNcO.html

9
Economic woes due to Covid-19 to continue beyond April-June quarter: survey
https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/economic-woes-due-to-covid-19-to-continue-beyond-april-june-quarter-survey/story-kVECxlxPhdMc6JwvxeYqoM.html

10
India athletes eye return to training under restrictive pandemic protocols
https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/india-athletes-eye-return-to-training-under-restrictive-pandemic-protocols/story-IJtCXbWUwCaAGhqseCYniP.html

11
How India turned Covid-19 crisis into outsized global outreach exercise
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/how-indian-turned-covid-19-crisis-into-outsized-global-outreach-exercise/story-QfyRaVNWCOcPIj2shq56xO.html

12
CEC Sunil Arora stranded in US due to Covid-19 lockdown
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/cec-sunil-arora-stranded-in-us-due-to-covid-19-lockdown/story-e6AAA2k6YhJZSftPeaq6XN.html

13
What does it cost to treat a coronavirus patient? Here’s a break up
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/what-does-it-cost-to-treat-a-coronavirus-patient-here-s-a-break-up/story-qwOzwoaJKj39AAxb2U58oO.html

14
Say Namaste is the possible Zoom competitor from India
https://www.hindustantimes.com/tech/say-namaste-is-the-possible-zoom-competitor-from-india/story-U7HlwkREoMzQqBi37OvSbK.html

15
Students create app to connect with those seeking essentials
https://www.hindustantimes.com/mumbai-news/students-create-app-to-connect-with-those-seeking-essentials/story-gjstVDpKBIh4cSgxh0fQ6L.html

16
Covid-19 crisis: Berlin gets ‘pop-up’ bike lanes to boost cycling in pandemic
https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/covid-19-crisis-berlin-gets-pop-up-bike-lanes-to-boost-cycling-in-pandemic/story-4JXniei8HhyuSynE9rpJpL.html

17
Biomedical waste collectors lift garbage from quarantined residents’ houses
https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/biomedical-waste-collectors-lift-garbage-from-houses-of-quarantined-residents/story-6CXufwgjFmd70yZRuKRTWL.html

18
7 Karnal panchayats donate ₹3.9 crore to Haryana Covid-19 relief fund
https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/7-karnal-panchayats-donate-3-9-crore-to-haryana-covid-19-relief-fund/story-BprrXKQtlQt6sOqt0uJANP.html

19
Jammu and Kashmir administration withdraws order cancelling Amarnath Yatra
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/jammu-and-kashmir-administration-withdraws-order-cancelling-amarnath-yatra/story-cvBX8TVelT5HJageI0DT0O.html

20
ISKP commander who was its bridge with Pak’s ISI, Lashkar arrested
https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/iskp-commander-who-was-its-bridge-with-pak-s-isi-lashkar-arrested/story-WMZW0v2NkXMm1fk18C110L.html

21
Full list of Delhi’s 89 containment zones, Campa Gali is latest addition
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/coronavirus-update-full-list-of-delhi-s-89-containment-zones-campa-cola-gali-is-the-latest-addition/story-oDmzjU8xNUryTAxRtsVseI.html

Indian Express
1
Jharkhand bans sale and consumption of tobacco products
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/coronavirus-lockdow-jharkhand-tobacco-product-6374605/

2
Gates lauds PM Modi’s leadership in combating COVID-19 in India
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/gates-lauds-pm-modis-leadership-in-combating-covid-19-in-india-6374589/

3
Coronavirus: Amarnath yatra may be cancelled this year, says shrine board
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/coronavirus-amarnath-yatra-may-be-cancelled-this-year-says-shrine-board-6374587/

4
Amid standoff, Central team asks Bengal for presentation on COVID-19 preparedness
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/coronavirus-lockdown-centre-west-bengal-inter-ministerial-team-6374532/

5
India lockdown diary, Day 29: UP police station turns marriage venue, Andhra MLA gets flak for ‘flower welcome’; and more
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/lockdown-diary-day-29-april-22-coronvirus-india/

6
PM Modi ranked top among global leaders in fight against Covid-19: Sitharaman cites survey
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/pm-modi-ranked-top-among-global-leaders-in-fight-against-covid-19-sitharaman-6374491/

7
NCW issues directives for female inmates amid COVID-19 lockdown
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/ncw-issues-directives-for-female-inmates-amid-covid-19-lockdown-6374446/

8
Centre asks states to encourage more COVID-19 warriors to undergo online training
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/centre-asks-states-to-encourage-more-covid-19-warriors-to-undergo-online-training-6374456/

9
Coronavirus lockdown: PM Modi likely to interact with CMs on April 27
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/coronavirus-lockdown-pm-modi-cms-video-conference-6374324/

10
Centre sending faulty Covid-19 testing kits, alleges Mamata Banerjee
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/west-bengal-coronavirus-mamata-banerjee-faulty-testing-kits-6374359/

11
Watch: Andhra MLA showered with flowers during lockdown, sparks criticism
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/watch-ysr-mla-rk-roja-showered-with-flower-petals-sparks-criticism-6374060/

12
West Bengal: Locals and policemen clash over allegation of irregularities in ration distribution
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/west-bengal-locals-and-policemen-clash-over-allegation-of-irregularities-in-ration-distribution-6374105/

13
Turning wasteland into green land, the Banka way
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/turning-wasteland-into-green-land-the-banka-way-6373987/

14
From taxes to prisoners, testing to migrants: Before the Supreme Court, a range of cases related to Covid-19
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/supreme-court-coronavirus-taxes-to-prisoners-testing-to-migrants-6373934/

15
AgustaWestland chopper case: SC dismisses interim bail plea of Christian Michel
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/agustawestland-chopper-case-sc-dismisses-interim-bail-plea-of-christian-michel/

16
India co-sponsors resolution calling for equitable access to COVID-19 vaccines
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/india-co-sponsors-resolution-calling-for-equitable-access-to-covid-19-vaccines-6373957/

17
Softbank-backed OYO to cut pay of all employees in India
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/softbank-backed-oyo-to-cut-pay-of-all-employees-in-india-6373959/

18
MP: BJP legislators get key portfolios in Shivraj Singh Chouhan cabinet
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/mp-bjp-legislators-get-key-portfolios-in-shivraj-singh-chouhans-cabinet-6373921/

19
Citing lack of safety, quarantine facilities, doctors of Chennai hospital threaten to abstain from work
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/citing-lack-of-safety-quarantine-facilities-docs-of-chennai-hospital-threaten-to-abstain-from-work-6373818/

20
Other states adopting Jharkhand’s ‘Didi Kitchen’ concept: Soren
https://indianexpress.com/article/india/other-states-adopting-jkhands-didi-kitchen-concept-soren-6373822/

The Statesman
1
No hyperlinks
Facebook-Jio deal is not meant to be exclusive, says social media giant
2
No hyperlinks
Ensure adequate security of health workers, take strict action against offenders: MHA to states
3
No hyperlinks
Bengal, Centre standoff comes to halt after state ‘assures’ of cooperation with team monitoring COVID-19
4
No hyperlinks
Lockdown 2.0: Govt allows shops for school books, electric fans in new set of exemptions
5
No hyperlinks
Coronavirus India cases near 20,000; UN warns of ‘famines of biblical proportions’
#output will be in this format
